docs: adding CLI sections (#722)
couchbaselabs/node-ottoman: docusaurus/docs/cli/cli.md

# Ottoman CLI

## Goals:
- Provide some useful tools while working with Ottoman.
- Speed up the Ottoman setup process.

> - Help to keep database sync easily in Development and Production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Help keep databases in sync across Development and Production environments.
```

> - Automate Ottoman's process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automate Ottoman's setup process.
```

Although this seems similar to the second bullet point?

## Install
```shell
npm install -g ottoman-cli
```

## Usage:
```shell
ottoman-cli generate
```
or
```shell
npx ottoman-cli generate <do not required previous installation>
```

## Commands:
- `generate`
- `migrate`

### Generate command

> Ottoman CLI `generate` command will create an Ottoman app for you in no time,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ottoman CLI's `generate` command will bootstrap an Ottoman app for you in no time!
```

> just follow the available steps in the wizard. Happy Coding!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply follow the steps in the wizard. Happy Coding!
```

```shell
ottoman-cli generate
```

![generate.png](generate.png)

### Migrate command

```shell
ottoman-cli migrate
```

> Ottoman CLI `migrate` command will sync your database with the information took from your models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ottoman CLI's `migrate` command will sync your database with the information took from your models.
```
